Add `Argilla` and `distilabel` to `https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/datasets-libraries` (#1340)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-distilabel.md

# Distilabel

Distilabel is the framework for synthetic data and AI feedback for AI engineers that require high-quality outputs, full data ownership, and overall efficiency.

> Distilabel allows to build pipelines with any number of steps or tasks, that can be connected between, so the output of one step or task is fed as input to another. A series of steps that can be chained together to build complex data processing and generation pipelines with LLMs. The input of each step is a batch of data, containing a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a row of the dataset, and the keys are the column names. To feeds data from and to the Hugging Face hub, we've defined a `Distiset` class as abstraction of a `datasets.DatasetDict`.

Reviewer: Maybe the second sentence it's a bit redundant with respect to the first one.

> Distilabel allows to build pipelines with any number of steps or tasks, that can be connected between, so the output of one step or task is fed as input to another. A series of steps that can be chained together to build complex data processing and generation pipelines with LLMs. The input of each step is a batch of data, containing a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a row of the dataset, and the keys are the column names. To feeds data from and to the Hugging Face hub, we've defined a `Distiset` class as abstraction of a `datasets.DatasetDict`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Distilabel allows pipelines to be built with any number of steps or tasks that can be connected, so the output of one step or task is fed as input to another. A series of steps can be chained together to build complex data processing and generation pipelines with LLMs. The input of each step is a batch of data, containing a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a row of the dataset, and the keys are the column names. To feed data from and to the Hugging Face hub, we've defined a `Distiset` class as an abstraction of a `datasets.DatasetDict`.
```

## Distiset as special datasets.DatasetDict

A Pipeline in distilabel returns a special type of Hugging Face `datasets.DatasetDict` which is called `Distiset`.

> The Distiset is a dictionary-like object that contains the different configurations generated by the Pipeline, where each configuration corresponds to each leaf step in the DAG built by the Pipeline. Each configuration corresponds to a different subset of the dataset. This is a concept taken from 🤗 datasets that lets you upload different configurations of the same dataset within the same repository and can contain different columns i.e. different configurations, which can be seamlessly pushed to the Hugging Face Hub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Distiset is a dictionary-like object that contains the different configurations generated by the Pipeline, where each configuration corresponds to each leaf step in the DAG built by the Pipeline. Each configuration corresponds to a different subset of the dataset. This concept is taken from 🤗 datasets that let you upload different configurations of the same dataset within the same repository and can contain different columns, i.e. different configurations, which can be seamlessly pushed to the Hugging Face Hub.
```

## Prerequisites

First [login with your Hugging Face account](../huggingface_hub/quick-start#login):

```bash
huggingface-cli login
```

Make sure you have `distilabel` installed:

```bash

> pip install -U distilabel[openai]

Reviewer: Let's use `vLLM` or `TransformersLLM` instead as they are the only way to use Prometheus model with distilabel.

```

## Load data from the Hub to a Distiset

> To showcase an example of loading data from the hub, we will reproduce the Prometheus 2 and the PrometheusEval task implemented in distilabel and use it on a dataset that we load from the hub, which was created by the Hugging Face H4 team named [HuggingFaceH4/instruction-dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/HuggingFaceH4/instruction-dataset).

Reviewer 3: can you explain what it does (and maybe link to the model ?)

in particular people won't understand this sentence

> we will reproduce the Prometheus 2 and the PrometheusEval task implemented in distilabel

# Distilabel

> Distilabel is the framework for synthetic data and AI feedback for AI engineers that require high-quality outputs, full data ownership, and overall efficiency.

Reviewer 4: I wonder if we could simplify this into a more direct, explicit messaging (as suggested for Argilla)

> Distilabel allows pipelines to be built with any number of steps or tasks that can be connected, so the output of one step or task is fed as input to another. A series of steps can be chained together to build complex data processing and generation pipelines with LLMs. The input of each step is a batch of data, containing a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a row of the dataset, and the keys are the column names. To feed data from and to the Hugging Face hub, we've defined a `Distiset` class as an abstraction of a `datasets.DatasetDict`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Distilabel pipelines can be built with any number of interconnected steps or tasks. The output of one step or task is fed as input to another. A series of steps can be chained together to build complex data processing and generation pipelines with LLMs. The input of each step is a batch of data, containing a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a row of the dataset, and the keys are the column names. To feed data from and to the Hugging Face hub, we've defined a `Distiset` class as an abstraction of a `datasets.DatasetDict`.
```

Reviewer 4: > Distilabel pipelines can be built with any number of interconnected steps or tasks. The output of one step or task is fed as input to another.

Here's not so clear what's a task vs a step I think

## What do people build with Distilabel?

> Our community uses Distilabel to create amazing [datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets?other=distilabel) and [models](https://huggingface.co/models?other=distilabel), and **we love contributions to open-source** ourselves too.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The community uses Distilabel to create amazing [datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets?other=distilabel) and [models](https://huggingface.co/models?other=distilabel), and **we love contributions to open-source** ourselves too.
```

- The [1M OpenHermesPreference](https://huggingface.co/datasets/argilla/OpenHermesPreferences) is a dataset of ~1 million AI preferences derived from teknium/OpenHermes-2.5. It shows how we can use Distilabel to **synthesize data on an immense scale**.

> - Our [distilabeled Intel Orca DPO dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/argilla/distilabel-intel-orca-dpo-pairs) and the [improved OpenHermes model](https://huggingface.co/argilla/distilabeled-OpenHermes-2.5-Mistral-7B),, show how we **improve model performance by filtering out 50%** of the original dataset through **AI feedback**.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [distilabeled Intel Orca DPO dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/argilla/distilabel-intel-orca-dpo-pairs) and the [improved OpenHermes model](https://huggingface.co/argilla/distilabeled-OpenHermes-2.5-Mistral-7B),, show how we **improve model performance by filtering out 50%** of the original dataset through **AI feedback**.
```

- The [haiku DPO data](https://github.com/davanstrien/haiku-dpo) outlines how anyone can create a **dataset for a specific task** and **the latest research papers** to improve the quality of the dataset.

## Distiset as special datasets.DatasetDict

> A Pipeline in distilabel returns a special type of Hugging Face `datasets.DatasetDict` which is called `Distiset`.

Reviewer 4: We use both distilabel and Distilabel, we need to make it uniform. I've seen more usage of Distilabel, personally I prefer distilabel but no strong opinion about that!

# Distilabel

> Distilabel is the framework for synthetic data and AI feedback for engineers who need fast, reliable and scalable pipelines based on verified research papers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Distilabel is a framework for synthetic data and AI feedback for engineers who need fast, reliable and scalable pipelines based on verified research papers.
```

- The [haiku DPO data](https://github.com/davanstrien/haiku-dpo) is an example how anyone can create a synthetic dataset for a specific task, which after curation and evaluation can be used for fine-tuning custom LLMs.

## Prerequisites

First [login with your Hugging Face account](../huggingface_hub/quick-start#login):

```bash
huggingface-cli login
```

Make sure you have `distilabel` installed:

```bash
pip install -U distilabel[vllm]
```

## Distilabel pipelines

Distilabel pipelines can be built with any number of interconnected steps or tasks. The output of one step or task is fed as input to another. A series of steps can be chained together to build complex data processing and generation pipelines with LLMs. The input of each step is a batch of data, containing a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary represents a row of the dataset, and the keys are the column names. To feed data from and to the Hugging Face hub, we've defined a `Distiset` class as an abstraction of a `datasets.DatasetDict`.

## Distiset as dataset object

A Pipeline in distilabel returns a special type of Hugging Face `datasets.DatasetDict` which is called `Distiset`.

> The Distiset is a dictionary-like object that contains the different configurations generated by the Pipeline, where each configuration corresponds to each leaf step in the DAG built by the Pipeline. Each configuration corresponds to a different subset of the dataset. This concept is taken from 🤗 datasets that let you upload different configurations of the same dataset within the same repository and can contain different columns which can be seamlessly pushed to the Hugging Face Hub.

Reviewer 3: maybe clearer ?
```suggestion
The Pipeline can output multiple subsets in the Distiset, which is a dictionary-like object with one entry per subset. A Distiset can then be pushed seamlessly to the Hugging face Hub, with all the subsets in the same repository.
```
